oom notification system docs (#3664)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/pubsub-connector/oomFoundFunction/README.md

# Overview

The Function oomFound is executed by Kyma [Serverless](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/serverless/) when registered **oomevent.found** event occur. Function is written in Python.

## Prerequisites

You need Kyma Runtime to run this function.

## Installation

Push the [handler.py](handler.py) and [requirements.txt](requirements.txt) files to your GitHub repository and [point Serverless](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/serverless/#tutorials-create-a-function-from-git-repository-sources) to download its code for building a Function image.

## Configuration

| Environment variable name | Required | Description |
|----------------|----------|-------------|
| **SLACK_API_ID** | Yes | Slack application API ID. |
| **SLACK_BOT_TOKEN** | Yes | Slack App bot token. |
| **NOTIFICATION_SLACK_CHANNEL** | Yes | Target slack channel name. |

> Function is using [ServiceBindingUsage](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/serverless/#tutorials-bind-a-service-instance-to-a-function) to get Slack API URL. To point function to the environment variable provided by ServiceBindingUsage set **SLACK_API_ID** environment variable by providing it's value in *slackConnector.apiId* key in [values.yaml](../pubsubConnector/values.yaml). Slack api ID will be used to build target [variable name](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/5f6e98dd0cf692156a0d1caf9b3df5c27d39368d/development/pubsub-connector/oomFoundFunction/handler.py#L15).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The oomFound Function uses [ServiceBindingUsage](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/serverless/#tutorials-bind-a-service-instance-to-a-function) to get the Slack API URL. To point the Function to the environment variable provided by the ServiceBindingUsage, set the **SLACK_API_ID** environment variable by providing its value in the *slackConnector.apiId* key in [values.yaml](../pubsubConnector/values.yaml). The Slack API ID will be used to build the target [variable name](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/5f6e98dd0cf692156a0d1caf9b3df5c27d39368d/development/pubsub-connector/oomFoundFunction/handler.py#L15).
```

> Function use **SLACK_BOT_TOKEN** environment variable to authorise sending messages to slack channels. To use valid token, set it on chart installation with helm command argument `--set slackConnector.botToken="xoxb-xxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxx"` or set it in [values.yaml](../pubsubConnector/values.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Function uses the **SLACK_BOT_TOKEN** environment variable to authorise sending messages to Slack channels. To use a valid token, set it on chart installation with the Helm command argument `--set slackConnector.botToken="xoxb-xxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxx"` or set it in [values.yaml](../pubsubConnector/values.yaml).
```

Author: Command is written lower case.

> To send your messages to chosen channel, provide its name in **NOTIFICATION_SLACK_CHANNEL** environment variable. This variable is set by *function.oomevent.found.notificationSlackChannel* key in [values.yaml](../pubsubConnector/values.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send your messages to chosen channel, provide its name in the **NOTIFICATION_SLACK_CHANNEL** environment variable. This variable is set by the *function.oomevent.found.notificationSlackChannel* key in [values.yaml](../pubsubConnector/values.yaml).
```

## Development

> Example data payload delivered to the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a sample data payload delivered to the Function:
```

```
{
    'ID': '2401353396977684',
    'Data': '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',
    'Attributes': None,
    'PublishTime': '2021-05-17T19:22:27.185Z',
    'DeliveryAttempt': None,
    'OrderingKey': ''
}
```

> Example base64 decoded Data property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of a base64 decoded Data property:
```
